hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film
called source code be ready for some
spoilers ahead
a train is on its way to its next stop
and our main character wakes up as one
of the passengers
he feels something is wrong and gets
agitated by every little details
the woman sitting across wonders if
something is wrong
while calling him sean she's surprised
when the man sitting in front of her
denies being sean
and maintains that his name is captain
stevens a helicopter pilot in the u.s
military
he also doesn't know who the woman is
and what he's doing on this train
they arrive at a stop and he proceeds to
find out where he is
he sees a teenager pick up a wallet
which a man has dropped
and returns it to him stevens asks the
teenager where they are
to which he replies that they're in
chicago he sees a reflection of himself
in the bathroom
and is shocked when another man's face
appears
the woman finds him coming out of the
bathroom and tries to comfort him
while stevens is freaking out another
oncoming train passes by
and an explosion kills everyone
stevens wakes up strapped in the pilot's
seat and hears a woman's voice on the
screen in front of him
she wants him to recall her name but he
has trouble remembering
the woman recites a series of passages
and shows him patterns of poker cards
in order to help steven's memories he
struggles for a moment
but eventually remembers her name as
goodwin he also sees another man with
crutches who types something in the
computer
and leaves stevens wants to speak to his
father and be debriefed about his
mission
but the woman only cares about the bomb
and the identity of the bomber
she tells the captain that he has 8
minutes to find the bomb
and proceeds to send him back to where
he woke up in the train
stevens notices that things are very
similar but different as he can change
the outcomes knowing what happened
before
he begins questioning people who look
suspicious and goes after russell peters
but the woman assures stevens that he's
only a comedian
he remembers the direction which the
explosion came from and begins searching
in the bathroom
he opens the air vents and finds the
bomb right on top of it
not knowing what to do stevens tries to
ask goodwin for help but here's no
response
so he decides to not let the bomb
explode prematurely by touching it
he pretends to be a government agent and
tells everyone on the train to shut down
their phones
but no one believes him the oncoming
train passes them by
and the explosion happens once again
stevens tells goodwin that he found the
bomb on top of the train's bathroom
but he demands to know what exactly is
happening to him
goodwin asks permission from the man
with the crutches
and tells stephen that what he
experienced is a past event
that occurred this morning he takes the
perspective of the man named sean
and must find out about the identity of
the bomber because this was only the
first attack in the series
she tells the captain to focus on the
mission while everything else is
irrelevant
and puts stevens back in the train again
this time he tries to get to know the
woman a little more
and finds out that her name is christina
and that they're supposed to have
coffee together he tells her to play a
game
where they try to make out who looks the
most suspicious
on the train stevens notices a man that
looks unwell
who walked out of the bathroom where the
bomb is and decides to follow him
off the train he tries to save christina
as well
by convincing her to follow using his
male hormones as a weapon
they leave the train and stevens tells
christina to wait outside while he
follows the man and sits down beside him
he assaults the man and grabs his
suitcase tearing it apart looking for
the phone
but finds nothing the explosion happens
again
and he continues to search for the phone
but gets kicked on the train rail and
rang over
stevens wakes up in his capsule but this
time it's freezing inside
he tries to speak to goodwin but no one
answers
on the other side goodwin sees some
abnormalities with steven's vitals
and is trying her best to reconnect with
him
stevens manages to restart the capsule's
wirings and he begins to enter from the
vents
he fixes the screens as well and hears
the men in crutches speaking to him
the man is actually the scientist behind
this program
and tells stevens that what he
experienced was a parallel universe
similar to our own whatever he does over
there cannot change what happens in this
universe
but it can provide clues such as the
identity of the bomber
they require this information to prevent
more devastating attacks
which will happen in downtown chicago if
they don't catch the bomber in time
goodwin tells stevens that there is a
gun in the strongbox on the train
and he should use it to find the bomber
he goes back to the train and tries to
break in the security office
but gets tasered and handcuffed in his
last moment with this version of
christina
he tells her about how he regrets the
fight with his father before his last
tour
in afghanistan she tells him everything
will be okay
before the train blows up once again he
returns to the capsule and wants to know
more about this program
and whether if goodwin has participated
in it before
she tells stevens that she's
incompatible and that only a selective
few can do what he does
which makes steven even more suspicious
about the truth
goodwin reminds him to focus on the
mission and that he is running out of
time
steven sees an acronym on her uniform
before goodwin sent him back again
instead of looking for the bomb stevens
asked christina to do an internet search
about his name
and he proceeds to search online about
goodwin's division
using the acronym on her uniform what
christina tells him next shocks him a
great deal
as the website shows that captain
stevens died
two months ago his reality begins
collapsing
as he starts recollecting memories about
how he died during combat
he asks goodwin whether if he is truly
dead
to which she says that only part of his
brain is still alive
she clearly shows signs of sympathy as
one soldier to another
for steven's predicament but the
scientist clearly doesn't share her
sentiments
the scientist promises to end steven's
life after the completion of the mission
but tells goodwin to not give him any
more rest periods between sessions
stevens goes back repeatedly but fails
to find the bomber each time
just before he's about to give up the
scientist place his father's recording
during his funeral
which motivates stevens to try one more
time
he realizes that the bomb is connected
to cell phones acting as detonators and
unplugs one of them
he calls back on its last number to find
who the bomber is
although he first thought he was a
student on the train bassoon realizes
that the man who dropped the wallet
also picked up the phone as he called
the teenager gives the wallet back to
the man
but he goes to another door and drops it
off again
this time stevens takes it and finds out
that the person's name is derrick frost
he jumps off the train and chases after
the man who is just about to leave on a
white van
stevens points a gun at the man but he
denies any involvement with the bomb
steven shows him the wallet which she
dropped twice on purpose
so that the police can identify him as
dead and not a suspect after the
explosion
he smiles and proceeds to show him the
bomb which he created and plans to use
to blow up chicago downtown
he tells stevens that the world is hell
and requires a reset to make it better
the captain gets distracted when he sees
that christina has followed him off the
train
and both of them get shot by the
terrorists interestingly
the train still explodes stevens returns
and informs goodwin about the identity
of the bomber with this information
the police are able to capture him
before he can do any more damage
stevens wants the scientist to send him
back once more
as he wants to save everyone on that
train the scientist refuses as he
continues to tell stevens that everyone
died already
while everybody is celebrating the
success of this program
stevens convinces goodwin to send him
back once again
as he believes that the people on the
train are real he goes back to the train
and this time he takes out all the cell
phone detonators from the bomb
he steals the handcuffs from the
security officer
and handcuffs the bomber to the train
effectively avoiding the explosion while
putting the terrorist in prison
he then calls his father and finds out
that despite their fight before his
departure
his father has always been proud of his
son and loves him very much
stevens is overjoyed as he tells his
father that he loves him as well
he then spends his last moments with
christina
sharing a kiss with her while his time
runs out
it turns out that the scientists never
intended to let stevens rest and plans
to create more programs similar to this
however goodwin decides to end steven's
life
disobeying the orders from the scientist
as she believes that stevens has earned
his rest
as the moment seems to stop from
steven's perspective
he's shocked that he actually continues
and he still exists with christina in
his arms
his consciousness now resides with shine
in this universe
and he sends a message to this version
of goodwin
informing her that their project has
actually created
other universes he asked her to take
care of the captain stevens in this
universe
and tell him that everything will be
alright
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you